if you're looking to buy some cheap and
reliable coins check out by fifa coins
com there's a link to them in the
description also use the discount code
quad eka quad eka okay if you want five
percent off on your coins and they sell
some of the cheapest coins i think it's
four pounds for 100k which i think may
be the cheapest out there so go check
out their website and enjoy the video
and guys i'm doing another giveaway for
this video last video or last pack
opening i gave away team of the season
Toulalan to this guy because in my
opinion he left one of the funniest
comments and so this video i'm going to
be giving a way a team of the season
tata a very very nice card there so if
you want to win them just to leave a
comment on this video leave a funny
comment and like this video and i'll
choose a person with the funniest
comment to winner so anyways guys enjoy
the video alright what is up guys for
Annika x8 here and welcome to a video EA
finally releasing some good special
packs I've opened loads and loads of
packs been lots and lots of money
throughout this team of this season have
barely gotten any good players so
hopefully that can change with these 50
k-pax I generally get pretty lucky in
that so let's go into the first test oh
my god that is terrible there's a
terrible pack found some binoculars guys
on sometimes we need to see who are
going to get in the pack so I'm gonna
I'm gonna go all the way back here and
I'm gonna use these binoculars to see
the team of the season player of code
hope in form is form Oh buddies hair oh
is that too in forms yes that's two in
forms in one bag sick sing all right
that's a really good time then ever i
have no idea what the hell I'm doing and
then I will otherwise right oh what oh
oh god we got a team of the season got a
team of the season player but it
literally that guy discarding that pack
all right guys have just stepped outside
to a you know smell the roses enjoy life
and now I'm back inside looking at what
appears to be a terrible pack what has
such a bad bag and then I'm up with my
eyes in five four three two one oh we
got Thiago Silva please tell me there's
a player there at the end oh yes yes oh
let's go that looks like a great card 94
heading wow that is a really good pack
there that's our best pack so far and
Thiago Silva in the same pack so that is
a grateful um yeah human season bail hey
oh oh no no no no no
no no all right guys for this next pack
we will be using the fifa 11 disc so
this is called the fifa 11 pack when you
just use the disc of fifa 11 so you can
get a good player boom all right now I
am looking please don't tell me nazra is
my best player god damn it why is Nazeri
my best player alright and then I'll /
eyes right about now please don't tell
me 8482 players my best oh oh okay
that's good let's go to we got 11 dowski
we're going to be risky we're gonna skip
the pack okay not a lot of people skip
these big packs but that's exactly what
we're gonna do skip oh we got a team of
the season player thought there might
have been somebody else at the end but
this guy there's some really decent
stats um okay player to get some more
50k packs what is up elbow pack Boom
Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom elbow pad took
me know I probably have a broken elbow
but it was worth it okay so yay I just
broke my elbow opening this pack so
please give me a good player well spin
around now open my so my god that was
terrible fuck
go get ready wow I've I just gave myself
a concussion okay I just gave myself a
concussion from opening this pack so EA
you better give me a good player we're
gonna throw this in the air catch it cuz
we don't even care and then we ran out
by the way that right that was Ryan okay
and then I will walk back home we've got
a team of it oh oh oh shit this is to
team of the seasons and it's saved back
oh my god what a pack there what a pack
I've never know I have gotten ten tema
seasons in a row I mean in the same pack
but that is a crazy crazy bag right
there oh my god give me a good player
thumbs up all right hand held camera
back shake it around because we're bad
at some things and you got coke god I
already got Gomez what the hell and then
when I think the pack is open I'll turn
back around so I'll turn that going on
the right about now oh my god that's
such a shitty back fuck please let this
beat Team of the season please please
soon to deliver these 00 juan mata he's
that's okay that's okay um mmm and we
got Oscar too i always get Oscar like
ever every single pack I get Oscar but
yes okay oh my god if our best player is
83 rated please do not be 83 rated what
the fuck such a bad pack fuck's sake